my life hasn't been what you probably
think it has we all have our struggles
have you ever been enough a long long
time ago you so many times yeah all the
time
[Music]
welcome to the future
life is good but it can be better
why shouldn't it be all you need is to
what
think about finally having everything
you always wanted
I can see today
I take I want in return
everyone will see
[Applause]
[Music]
and ornate you
you know you need to do
[Music]
nothing good is born from lies
and greatness is not what you think
[Music]
Oh art ah that justice trashcan is just
a trash can yeah yeah what are you doing
here in Somerville anyway honestly my
mom won't say it but we're completely
broke and the only thing that's left in
our name this is creepy old farmhouse my
grandfather left us in the middle of an
hour
why'd you bring me up here entertainment
value what is that
[Music]
somehow a town that isn't anywhere near
a tectonic plate that has no fall lines
no fracking no loud music even is
shaking on a daily basis
I remember that one summer me died under
a table I found this in my living room
Oh killer replica a replica of what a
ghost trap there hasn't been a ghost
sighting in 30 years New York in the
eighties it's like The Walking Dead your
dad never mentioned this to you it's
just my mom my grandfather died my mom
says we're just here to pick through the
Rob loves life
when
[Music]
who are you
call it a
[Music]
call it lock
call it karma
[Music]
that everything happens for a reason
come on darling
it has a connor seat
[Music]
what is storytelling storytelling
started with our indigenous people can
anyone give me an example of a myth or a
story they're afraid of Lucas is going
well found a part of a man in the woods
today part of a man I guess the other
half was found in the mine all this has
got to be an animal right
[Music]
no animal that I've ever seen something
is going on with a kiss
these drawings belongs to a student of
mine this is what was in the mind it's a
diabolical spirit this is a myth for you
yeah
now collegiate always a gamble
ah he's not your responsibility
he hasn't no one is my responsibility
[Music]
who came through me
he's here appends no radio no newspapers
a political conversation
visitors are once per month I could get
used to this you are the white Mandela
you know the most deluded of them all
we've heard about you too
how many of you don't plan on staying
that long it's 20 foot high before voir
service every inch of the earth for us
with guns
lock up into torn panels in any
perfection I just read you back on the
prison property everybody comes in here
and I'm gonna break you out of here
about next week always the first time
it's my thoughts exactly
you want to link clear with excellent I
know what dr. crazy so I'll have to do
is make a really complex gate then get
it to reach a keyhole on the other side
of a steel panel trees they can go to
which we have totally no access
I love it if I'll get 25 years of you're
lucky a bullet in their head of you not
[Music]
what is this
your whole plan is doomed to failure
you didn't do anything we are prisoners
of conscience it's different for us
well we're prisoners of war
[Music]
what is how much it'll justify us this
is how we find
hold on today they know the dumontet is
another world that's a bonus
[Applause]
[Music]
there's this trick that we all do to get
through our day we take a box and into
that box we place all the horrors of the
world we close the box and pretend it
doesn't exist only some of us we've lost
our ability to pretend we're looking for
a special operator like you for a while
who are you we do the dirty work
others can't here's the fun part now on
you're dead it's all erased
no more criminal records no more getting
arrested just for being naked or just
usual stuff you know being naked getting
drunk casual stuff so we're all gonna
die we blend in the disappearance watch
me
I hope so
this mine honestly I didn't think we'd
make it this far what's the status
[Music]
what's wrong hey hey
we're all gonna die
may as well do it while we're alive
[Music]
sounds fun right
[Applause]
you
have you ever woken up from the dream so
real that from moment you can't remember
where you are
this is a lot like that 16 years that's
more than a third of my life leading up
to this moment right here
you found a discrepancy I found a
misrepresentation that's one hell of a
payout we should celebrate
let's go up so what do you do I'm an
attorney why do you like a public
defender total corporate faceless guy
all the way really they're just
wondering why I brought my dad so he was
going on the first okay how long till
this stuff is supposed to kick in I'm
gonna hurt you like
[Music]
these on the caffeine for dnews phone
breakdown
the universe is trying to carry some of
her pay attention you still think you're
on drugs
the universe knows what once balanced
fighting that just throw your life into
chaos
[Music]
you're almost there
this rain
[Music]
that's a twist
you
[Applause]
[Music]
you